[bell tolling]
It sure is white in here.
And down we go.
[grunts]
[Lily] The walls themselves
aren't painted white.
All these formulas and diagrams
overlap and form layers,
making them look white.
He probably started
with black, though.
The switch to white happened
when the walls changed to black,
but even that wasn't enough,
so he added more and more
clear boards as time went on.
Looking at all his thoughts
like this,
it's as if each wall is Keith
desperately crying out for help.
[sighs]
Lily?
[Lily] The answer that Keith
is searching so hard for...
I wonder what it is.
SOUTHWESTERN
CREMONA MORTA ISLAND
[rustling]
[groans]
[birds chirping]
[woman vocalizing]
[waves lapping]
So, why did you save me?
There are a few more things
that I want to ask you.
Here. You need to eat first.
We can have our chat later.
[Keith] You recognize him?
I do.
He's a serial killer that
went by the name of Dead Kyle,
but others called him
the Raven-Haired Murder Machine.
This man is the person
who killed my little sister.
At least, they claim he did it.
"Claim he did it"?
[kettle whistles]
This murderer,
why ask me about him?
Because you might have
some answers.
During his trial, he escaped
from the mental hospital
that was treating him,
but just before
he committed a new crime,
he was killed
by parties unknown.
This man was--
I honestly don't care
about the details.
I know Kyle didn't kill
my little sister.
She was killed
in a completely different manner
than the others.
So why the hell would he confess
to a murder he didn't commit?
How'd he know
where she was killed
and where
the murder weapon was?
[Dead Kyle]
...it will repeat itself...
How'd he pass his polygraph?
Who is he covering for?
For that matter,
who the hell was the guy,
this Dead Kyle?
You know him,
so might as well tell me.
Yeah, I knew him.
He was a Reggie
who was released into the wild,
and as you've probably guessed,
he wasn't human.
"Reggie"?
They're an ancient
and powerful race of demihumans
created only for killing.
Dead Kyle, when the Reggies
attacked the Institute,
he was with them.
I killed him.
In the end, Killer B's motives
were based on revenge.
The end.
Every single one
of the criminals
you've killed to date
were Reggies who took part
in the attack on the Institute,
weren't they?
The burning smell
was everywhere.
That day,
surrounded by ash and despair,
I swore a vow.
I would hunt down and kill
every last one of them,
and I'd find Yuna,
no matter what.
And until I do,
I won't let anyone
stand in my way.
I don't care who they are.
[Eric] "Another team exists
among the foot soldiers
of Market Maker.
Their sole mission is
manipulating social disorder,
and they gather on their
flagship, the 'Moby Dick.'
They sometimes brainwash humans
to suit their purposes
and are said to be a group
that you should never cross."
Letters drawn from a watch.
J.H.R.
[buzzes]
Seems like that site hasn't
been updated in some time.
[Keith] Oh, that.
Well, you know, I figured
if I could get their attention,
they might make contact,
so I decided to slap together
that website.
I just saw the watch.
Jean was the one
who attacked Bran, wasn't he?
Yeah.
Keith, please turn yourself in.
It's not too late--
He's here with me right now.
You mean Killer B?
So you did make contact.
I also know Kyle
isn't the one who killed Erika.
That's for certain.
And as I hypothesized,
it turns out
he wasn't human either.
That's difficult to believe,
even coming
from someone like you.
Won't be much longer
until this is all over.
Everything that began with me
deciphering the inscription
is at long last getting ready
to come to a conclusion,
and I'll finally get
the answers I need.
Keith, we should
already have our answer.
We've had it for a while.
Listen to me.
Right now, you're reversing
the objective and means,
and you're straying off course
Or am I wrong?
Keith, Bran nearly got killed
because of your crusade.
Anyway, come back.
Let's work something out.
They've started
to make their move.
In order to eliminate me
once and for all,
Market Maker has
finally started to take action,
haven't they?
You mean
you planned for that, too?
Eric.
Yes?
I appreciate
all you've done for me.
I just wanted to tell you that.
Keith?
Keith! Are you there?!
Keith!
It's begun.
[typing]
Lily, what's the big idea
asking me to come back here
at the crack of dawn?
[grunts]
Hmm?
[Lily sighs]
I have no idea what you've
been doing, but are you done?
Hmm?
[Lily] You see
the red writings on the ceiling?
They're set up to be the only
ones as mathematical formulas.
I ran the numbers three times,
but there's no mistaking it.
Hey, Boris...
is this why Keith
has kept his distance from me?
Who is she?
You know, don't you?
[sighs]
Is there some kind of connection
between this person
and Keith turning himself in?
What exactly is he
trying to accomplish?
He wants answers.
Eight winters ago, the poor girl
was sliced up from head to toe.
She was dumped in the mountains.
It was Keith's little sister
they found there.
So that gold solution
is a necessary component
in the reuse
of discarded Reggies, isn't it?
I've heard it's what they use
to regulate their testosterone
and dopamine levels.
There seem to be
various kinds of it,
but that's all I'm aware of.
Why are Reggies discarded?
Around age 20, their powers
start to go out of control,
and they lose the ability
to think rationally.
Fall below a set value,
and you're discarded.
By "discarded," you mean
released into society at large.
Yeah.
How many are there, anyway?
Grade-C goods like Kyle, I mean.
Lots of 'em.
This country is crawling
with more discarded Reggies
than you can imagine,
and with just one signal,
they'll transform
into frenzied weapons...
[Lily] It's disguised
as something else,
so even though
it's in plain sight,
no one can see it.
The only way to stop them
is to kill them.
[Keith] Let's go buy
some red-bean buns.
Huh?
[overlapping chatter]
I'm only answering questions
about the investigation.
I have issues with the direction
this investigation is going in!
I'm busy. Come back later.
[Lily grunts]
We could
keep doing this forever,
but it won't bring us
any closer to finding Keith.
Get back to work.
That's an order.
I refuse.
Fine. Then get out.
Huh?!
You're just in the way here.
Leave your badge, and get out.
Huh?!
Didn't you hear me?
You're suspended.
-[gasping]
-I don't have the time or need
for idiots
who can't obey orders.
-You're dismissed.
-[grunts]
[Lily] Drop dead,
you four-eyed chin with legs!
Bet you didn't know everyone
here calls you that, dumb-ass!
Eric, it's me.
Lily's on the move.
Are you sure
this is a good idea?
I'm getting kinda worried.
The R.I.S. is under
Market Maker surveillance.
If we want to find a way
to get ahead of them,
this is the only option we have.
Which is all well and good,
but Lily getting caught
in the crossfire
is my main concern.
METAMORPHISM?
MARKET MAKER
Boris, she's a professional.
SYSTEM REBUILD IS IMPERATIVE
KAELA
I'm sure that you've
realized it by now,
but Lily and Keith
are two of a kind.
COMMANDO TEAM NECESSARY
LILY
They have similar
thought processes,
drive, and inquiring minds.
There's a reason
I scouted Lily for the R.I.S.
over everyone's objections.
Deep down, she has abilities
on par with Keith's.
I sensed it about her.
Boris, if Keith
doesn't want to be found,
I won't be able to find him.
It's up to Lily.
Okay.
Kaela, are you done?
Almost there.
'Kay, all done!
Is everything all secure now?
I'm not sure yet,
but at the very least,
this'll keep 'em out
for a while.
Here.
This red line is Lily, right?
I'm curious.
Who tagged her car?
Boris did.
She's gonna be pissed
when she finds out.
I had to.
She doesn't have what it takes
to keep up an act for long.
Yeah, I bet
you're right about that.
[together]
She's such an idiot.
[music playing]
[no audible dialogue]
I want a red-bean bun.
[groans]
I don't have
a single lead to go on.
No matter where I go,
the results are always the same.
What the heck?
I should have gone someplace
where the food
was good, at least. Hmm?
Isn't that the smell
of those funny-tasting spices?
HOLS ISLAND
[Koku] How did you figure out
that blue steel
was the Reggies' weakness?
[Keith] Same as you, I suppose.
My old man's journal.
How long do you plan to keep
wandering around aimlessly?
Hate to disappoint you,
but there's nothing aimless
about it.
We're hitting up towns
that have good places to eat.
My question was how long?
Until you're back at 100%.
If you've got time to gab,
rub one out, and go to sleep.
You seem pretty much recovered.
Looks like
you're good to fight already.
I'm guessing you have
an ulterior motive
for saving my life.
What is it?
There's something
I want your help with.
There's no reason for me
to help you with anything.
That's where you're wrong.
Would you mind getting this
out of my face?
Can't see.
I demand an explanation.
Listen...
I've been digging up dirt
on two men.
That's the reason
I got back into the field.
I needed to see everything
with my own two eyes.
That road will lead her
to Hols Island.
I can't imagine Keith would have
gone to a location like that.
Yeah, it's full
of old men and women,
not to mention tourist traps.
Keith would stand out
like a sore thumb
if he set foot outside.
KEITH'S GOAL ISN'T ESCAPE.
Kaela, make arrangements
for a chopper.
[Keith] I've spent a very
long time looking into them,
but no matter how deep I dig,
clues that almost seem made up
keep getting in the way
of the truth.
What do you mean?
Well, things like
the possibility
of nonhumans
roaming around the world...
in other words, you guys.
You still
don't seem to get this,
but Yuna and I are not Reggies.
I'm starving.
Let's grab something to eat.
[Koku]
What else you wanna know?
Before I get to that,
let me ask you something.
Was Yuna
the same person you remembered?
She wasn't at first.
I thought as much.
My guess is that Man One
is able to manipulate memories,
and he uses that power
to bend people to his will.
If I recall,
you blocked off
your own memories, right?
Isn't this the same ability?
Are you saying he and I...
are somehow related?
Yeah.
My old man's killer,
the one who took you from Yuna
and then tried his damnedest
to capture you at Heian-ji,
he's probably the mastermind
behind all of this.
[twin] See? What did I tell you?
You're right.
It turns out they were using
one of those
new tracking devices.
No wonder we couldn't find them.
This module-type doesn't use
an ordinary GPS.
It pinpoints locations
using cell-phone stations.
Same tech pinpoints
earthquake epicenters.
Not to worry. When the system
receives an alert,
it triggers the map.
There it is.
I can head over there
to confirm. That okay?
It's fine.
But you mustn't lay a finger
on him. We clear?
Of course. I give you my word.
I just knew it.
That dish
is this island's specialty.
But what are the chances
of finding Keith
in a place like this?
I may have
gotten ahead of myself.
Two chicken gumbos, please.
Comin' right up.
I need two Chickie-gums
on the double!
This diner's got the best
chicken gumbo around here.
You still haven't told me
about Man Two.
Hmm?
That one's
got nothing to do with you.
I wanna know anyway.
[grumbles]
Eh, maybe you should know.
Would this be the guy
that killed your sister?
-And would he be a--
-He's human.
What? He's a human?
Yeah. Doesn't add up, does it?
MAN 1: DEMIHUMAN
If Man One is a demihuman
with brainwashing abilities,
it seems weird
that Man Two is human.
One would only need
to compel Two,
so why would they partner up?
So what you're saying
is that you
have a pretty solid idea
about the identity of Man Two.
WHY DOESN'T MAN 1
BRAINWASH MAN 2?
MAN 2 HAS ABILITY
THAT PREVENTS BRAINWASHING
WHAT IS THAT ABILITY?
WHO IS MAN 2?
IT HAS TO BE HIM
MAN 2 IS HIM.
I do have my suspicions,
but I have to see it
with my own eyes
before I act on them.
In that case,
I'll work with you.
I will kill Man One
and finally get revenge
for the death of Dr. Heath.
Now tell me,
where are they keeping Yuna?
I know those guys are hiding her
among the light of the stars.
Fly yourself
up towards Canopus.
[gasps]
Canopus?
[boots clomping]
[gasps]
Hmm?
What the hell do you think
you're doing here?
Uh, you see we're just...
-Not so fast!
-[Keith yelps]
I only had to ask two people
before I found you.
This is what you morons
call hiding out?
When were you gonna tell me
the two of you knew each other?
Sorry. It never felt
like the right time.
I doubt we'll be able
to weasel our way
out of this situation
with your simple jokes.
Don't try
and pin this mess on me.
Are you even listening to me?!
Koku!
Yes, ma'am!
What is going on here?!
How do you know
this old-ass dude?
-Kid brother.
-Huh?
I didn't know I had one
'til recently.
This true?
It is. [gags]
Look me in the eye,
and swear it.
-Are you telling the truth?
-Mm-hmm.
I asked him if he could pick up
some things for me.
I don't have
anyone else to rely on.
The two of us living together
is just a temporary arrangement.
Then why don't you two
look anything alike?
We're half brothers.
My appearance
is closer to my dad's,
but he takes after his mom.
Then you have another sibling
besides your sister
who looks nothing like you.
Yeah, I know about her.
Boris told me everything, and I
even saw her formula portrait
written on your ceiling,
so you'd better
stop playing dumb with me.
He always looks down on me,
but I can handle Koku
by myself.
Just you watch, Minatsuki.
I have a pretty good idea now
of why you're so uncomfortable
when I'm around.
I'm a short Asian girl with
black hair that's left-handed.
You get anxious around me,
because I remind you
of Erika, right?
If you don't want
to answer my question,
it's fine by me.
but if your end goal
is getting revenge,
as a servant
of a country governed by laws,
I can't let you
get away with it.
-[gasps]
-Besides--
What in the hell is going on?!
I'll prove that I
can do this all by myself!
[laughs]
What is going on?!
[bullets whizzing
in slow motion]
Koku, you're...
Lily, listen closely.
I'll tell you everything
if we make it out of here alive.
Someday I'll be gone
There's somewhere
That we belong
And God
Has never played his role
'Cause I'm the one
Who saves my soul
It's a perfect world
We're longing for
So long
Cursing shadows
Hunt and gather
In the city of no answer
As we follow
Endless questions
Hands up
In the same reflection
Sometimes we try to feel
How things just used to be
In yesterdays
Now or never,
Make it better
No one ever lives forever
Wake me up, and let me go
Someday I'll be gone
To somewhere we all belong
For so long
Subtitle translation By David Fleming